Ah, who?
Hero you bastard
I knew you had no good intentions for me to move here
This is my bedroom, okay?
Are you in the wrong room again?
I still let people sleep in the morning
Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot that Miss Zhang has moved in for a few days
I don't know what I'm doing
You continue
I go to work.
Remember to go downstairs for breakfast to replenish your strength later.
Let's go miss
You don't have to do this.
Supper is just a disciple of one god
The living uncle may not be on him
Even if there is a chance, I will try it.
Miss
Since you think the living uncle is on the supper
I must call out the living uncle directly
If you dare to have supper
Don't blame me for being rude
Night miss you rascal let me go